Hi Ashley, this is Lira from Northwind. How can I help you today?
Hi. I'm trying to upgrade to the annual plan, but my card keeps getting declined. I've tried two different cards now and it's really frustrating.
I'm sorry that's been the experience, Ashley. Let me pull up your account right now and check what's going on. I can see your last attempt was a few minutes ago on the Visa ending in 4412.
Yes, that's the one. The bank says nothing's wrong on their end.
I see the issue. Stripe is flagging the charge as a soft decline — it looks like the billing zip on file doesn't match what your card issuer has. That's an easy fix. Would you like me to update the billing zip now if you tell me the right one, or send you a secure link to update it yourself?
Just update it for me. It should be 94110.
Updated. I'm retrying the charge now. Okay — payment went through. Your annual plan is active. I'll also email you the receipt and the new invoice for your records.
Oh wow, that was actually painless. Thank you.
Anytime, Ashley. One more thing — I noticed your team has three other seats on the trial. If you'd like, I can extend their trial by a week so they can finish onboarding before billing kicks in. Want me to do that?
Yes please, that would be great.
Done. Their trial now ends next Tuesday. Anything else I can help with?
No, I'm good. Thanks!
Have a great day, Ashley.